PRIVACY NOTICE

Last updated October 10, 2024



Thank you for choosing to be part of our community ("Company," "we," "us," or "our"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at support@lamedcash.com.

This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:

Download and use our mobile application — LamedCash


The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.

Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
8. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? 
9. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
10. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

Personal information you disclose to us

In Short:  We collect personal information that you provide to us.

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the App, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the App or otherwise when you contact us.

The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:

Personal Information Provided by You. We collect names; phone numbers; passwords;  email addresses;  and other similar information.


Information collected through our App

In Short:  We collect information regarding your  push notifications, when you use our App.


Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the App. 
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.

2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?

In Short:  We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.

We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.

We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and login process. we use the information collected to facilitate account creation and login process for the performance of the contract.

Request feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our App.

To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.


Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders and requests made through the App.


To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.


To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.


3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?

In Short:  We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.

We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.

Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.

Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).

Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.



4. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?

In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.

5. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?

In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.

We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the App within a secure environment.

6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?

In Short: We do not knowingly collect information from or target individuals under the age of 18.

We do not knowingly request or collect data from individuals under the age of 18. By using our platform, you confirm that you are at least 18 years old, or you are the parent or guardian of a minor who is using the platform with your permission. If we discover that personal information has been collected from users under the age of 18, we will take immediate steps to deactivate the account and delete any related data from our records. If you become aware that we may have unknowingly collected information from someone under 18, please reach out to us at support@lamedcash.com.

7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

In Short:  You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
 

Account Information

If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
Log in to your account settings and update your user account.

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.



8. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?     

In Short:  Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.

We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

9. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?     

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us support@lamedcash.com



10. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?     

Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please do that settings section in the profile section of the App.
































